added addis
trying to delete addi: not found
trying to delete mflr: not found
added std
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted std
trying to delete mr: not found
added li
counted li
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
counted addis
added mr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
added iselgt
added stw
added stb
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted stw
added lwz
added addi
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
added ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
added ld
added mtlr
trying to delete blr: not found
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
added mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
added stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted mtlr
added blr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete lbz: not found
added andi.
added bgt
added extsw
counted ld
added rldicr
trying to delete b: not found
counted addis
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
added beq-
added lwa
added xxlxor
added cmpwi
added bltlr
trying to delete ld: deleted
added mtctr
counted li
counted addi
added b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
added bdzlr
trying to delete lwzu: not found
added cmplw
trying to delete bne: not found
counted ld
counted rldicr
added lxsdx
trying to delete blr: deleted
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
added lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
added stxsdx
added blr
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
added stwx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lwz
counted addi
counted rldicr
added cmpw
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stw: deleted
added bltlr+
trying to delete mflr: deleted
counted std
counted stdu
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted ld
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted stb
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted stw
counted stw
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted std
trying to delete blt: not found
added clrldi
counted clrldi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
added cmpldi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted cmpwi
added blt
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
added stdu
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
added bne
counted mr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
added ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
added cmpd
counted ld
added blt
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted lwz
counted cmpw
added ble-
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpw
counted ble-
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ld
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
trying to delete blr: deleted
added xsabsdp
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
added fcmpu
trying to delete crnor: not found
counted blt
counted extsw
counted ld
counted lwz
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwaux: not found
counted cmpw
added bge-
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
added lwzux
counted cmpw
trying to delete bge-: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted stwx
counted ld
added ori
counted lwz
counted addi
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted ld
counted ori
counted lwa
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted ld
added ldx
counted lwa
trying to delete ldx: deleted
added stfdux
counted rldicr
added stdx
counted ori
counted ld
added lwzx
counted addi
trying to delete stwx: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
trying to delete blr: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
added ldx
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete b: deleted
counted extsw
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted rldicr
added lwax
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted bdzlr
added lwzu
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted blr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted mr
counted addis
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
added stfd
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted mr
counted li
added add
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted add
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted mr
counted blt
counted addis
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
added cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addis
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted extsw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted cmpwi
added stdux
counted blt
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted ld
counted mr
counted add
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
counted lwz
counted addi
counted extsw
added cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted addis
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted li
counted lwa
added fmr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lwz
counted bl
counted addis
added mfvsrd
counted stw
counted ld
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwa
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted clrldi
added bge
counted xxlxor
counted cmpldi
counted bne
added b
counted addi
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
added subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
added lfdu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
added xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
added xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsadddp
added bdnz
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted mfvsrd
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwa
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addis
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted li
added ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
added lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mflr: deleted
counted std
counted stdu
counted addis
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpldi
added beq
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted addis
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted lwz
added cmplwi
counted beq
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
added sthux
counted stb
counted ori
counted lwa
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted stw
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted li
counted ld
counted stw
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
counted std
counted addis
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted bl
counted stw
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted addis
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stfd
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
added bne-
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted stdu
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
added xssubdp
counted xssubdp
added xsdivdp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted fcmpu
counted fcmpu
added cror
counted bge
added xsnegdp
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted std
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsnegdp
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stxsdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted lxsdx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lwa
counted lwz
counted bl
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted bl
counted nop
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
added mfcr
trying to delete mflr: deleted
counted std
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted stdu
counted std
counted li
trying to delete stfd: deleted
counted fmr
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted mr
counted addis
counted std
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwz
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted std
added cmplwi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted stxvd2x
counted mr
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted mr
counted add
counted mr
counted std
counted stfd
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bgt
counted addis
counted clrldi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted add
counted mtctr
added bctr
counted extsw
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted addi
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted blt
added lis
counted std
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
added oris
counted ori
added mulhdu
added rotldi
added rldicl
added rldic
added mulli
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
added lvx
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted beq
added vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
added vslw
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
added vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted subf
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted addi
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
trying to delete oris: deleted
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted clrldi
counted std
counted beq
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
trying to delete vslw: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted addi
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted std
counted ori
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lvx
added oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted vspltisw
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
added vslw
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lvx
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lvx
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted std
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
trying to delete mulhdu: deleted
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted clrldi
counted std
counted beq
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted vspltisw
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted vslw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted li
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted lis
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted lvx
counted cmpldi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addi
counted vslw
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted subf
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted stw
counted stw
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
trying to delete mulhdu: deleted
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted clrldi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted vspltisw
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addis
counted vslw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted addi
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted add
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
added stwu
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted li
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted blt
counted extsw
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted beq
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted b
counted bge
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted subf
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vspltisw
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted addis
counted addis
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted add
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted stwu
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted mr
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted rldic
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted blt
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted addi
added clrlwi
counted bge
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted b
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
added xscmpudp
added isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
added cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted extsw
counted xxlxor
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted li
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted std
counted extsw
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpw
counted std
counted stw
counted std
added ble
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
added clrldi.
counted mr
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted mr
counted mr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted bge
counted mr
counted b
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted extsw
counted li
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
counted ld
counted extsw
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
counted ble
counted lis
counted clrldi
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicl
added cmpdi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted addi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted subf
counted li
added mcrf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted subf
counted std
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted li
added crand
counted blt
counted std
counted beq
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted ld
counted subf
added clrldi.
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted bne
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted ble
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted addis
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted addi
counted clrldi
added lfsx
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted cmpld
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete mtvsrd: not found
counted stdu
counted bne
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete beq+: not found
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
added beq+
counted b
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted b
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted b
added not
added subfic
counted mr
counted cmpd
added iselgt
counted li
counted add
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lwz
counted stw
counted stw
counted std
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete stwux: not found
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted rldicr
counted std
counted std
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted std
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
counted std
added mfocrf
added rotlwi
counted stw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted ld
counted ble
counted lis
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted cmplwi
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted rldicr
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted oris
counted ori
counted std
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted mulli
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicl
counted rldicr
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted std
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted std
counted li
counted mcrf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpdi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted subf
counted std
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ld
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted crand
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted std
counted beq
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted bne
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
counted cmplwi
counted extsw
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted ld
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted ld
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi.
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted add
counted li
counted add
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted li
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted add
counted stdx
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted std
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
counted stdx
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
counted stdx
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdx
counted std
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted rldicr
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted stdu
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted lwz
added mtocrf
counted ble
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted addis
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfsx
counted clrldi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted ldx
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted mtctr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted cmpld
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
added mtvsrd
counted stdu
counted bne
counted xscmpudp
counted beq+
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted beq+
counted b
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted mr
counted b
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted extsw
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted lwz
counted mr
counted std
counted mtocrf
counted ble
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted extsw
counted blt
counted lis
counted ld
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted rldic
trying to delete mulli: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ldx
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted ldx
counted ld
counted stdu
counted ori
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
counted bne
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicl
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stdux
counted ldx
counted blt
counted fmr
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsadddp
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted add
counted mtvsrd
counted std
counted bge
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted add
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted bgt
counted std
counted addis
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted lfsx
counted std
counted std
counted fmr
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted lxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted ld
counted fmr
counted lxsdx
counted addis
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted addis
counted ld
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted b
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete crclr: not found
counted add
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addis
counted xxswapd
counted lvx
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted addi
counted lvx
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted add
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted stwu
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted blt
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted cmpwi
trying to delete mfocrf: deleted
counted stw
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted beq
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted beq
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted subf
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addi
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted add
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted stwu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete li: deleted
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted stdu
counted stdx
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted stdx
counted addi
counted stdu
counted isellt
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
added mfocrf
counted mr
counted rotlwi
counted stw
counted ble
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lis
counted clrldi
counted std
counted clrldi
counted cmplwi
counted rldic
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted oris
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted mulli
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicl
counted cmpdi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted addi
counted mfocrf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
trying to delete mcrf: deleted
counted cmpdi
counted stw
counted addi
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted subf
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stdx
counted li
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted cmpld
counted li
counted crand
counted blt
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ori
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted beq
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted add
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bne
counted b
counted extsw
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted stdx
counted stdu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted mr
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted rotlwi
counted mtocrf
counted blt
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted blt
counted lis
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted addi
counted mulli
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted add
counted li
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addi
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted addis
counted addis
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted add
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted subf
trying to delete add: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted stwu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted li
counted li
counted stw
counted extsw
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted mfocrf
counted rotlwi
counted stw
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lis
counted clrldi
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted rldic
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted oris
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted cmpdi
counted rldicl
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mfocrf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mcrf
counted cmpdi
counted stw
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted subf
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stdx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted add
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted cmpld
counted li
counted crand
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted beq
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpldi
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bne
counted b
counted extsw
counted ld
counted li
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted std
counted ori
counted lwz
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted ble
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted stdu
counted stdx
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted addi
counted stdu
counted isellt
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted mr
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldic
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
counted xxlxor
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted ld
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted std
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted ble
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi.
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted beq
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted mr
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted not
counted subfic
counted cmpd
counted iselgt
counted ld
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lwz
counted stw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted std
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stwux: not found
counted ld
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mr
counted stdx
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted extsw
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ble
counted ld
counted li
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted lis
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted oris
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtctr
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted add
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted subf
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted bne
counted li
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted bl
counted addis
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted addi
counted ld
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lfsx
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted fmr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted lxsdx
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted ld
counted fmr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted lfsx
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mr
counted std
added crclr
counted add
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted b
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted isellt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpw
counted cmpwi
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted cmpw
counted std
counted bgt
counted b
added crset
counted cmpw
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ble
counted blt
counted b
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mr
counted subf
counted bl
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted blt
counted ble
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted ldx
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted ldx
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mr
trying to delete lfdux: not found
counted lwax
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted crset
counted cmpw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ble
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted subf
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted blt
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted extsw
counted clrldi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted ldx
counted subf
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mr
added lfdux
counted lwax
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted clrldi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted extsw
counted xxlxor
counted std
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted cmpwi
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted rldicr
counted mfocrf
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted extsw
counted li
counted stw
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted ld
counted iselgt
counted stb
counted std
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted std
counted mr
counted lwz
counted stw
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted cmpw
counted std
counted std
counted ble
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted subf
counted addi
counted mr
counted subf
counted clrldi.
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted not
counted subfic
counted cmpd
counted iselgt
trying to delete li: deleted
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwzu
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lwz
counted stw
counted stw
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted b
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lwz
counted subf
counted addis
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted addi
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lfsx
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted add
counted ld
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted fmr
counted add
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted std
added stwux
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted addi
counted li
counted stw
counted mr
counted stb
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted std
counted stw
counted cmpwi
counted stw
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted li
trying to delete stb: deleted
counted stw
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted ble
counted addis
counted addis
counted li
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted extsw
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lfsx
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
added blt+
trying to delete b: deleted
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ld
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted fmr
counted add
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted addi
counted li
counted lfsx
counted fmr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted b
counted addis
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted extsw
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted lfsx
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted blt+
counted b
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted fmr
counted add
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted b
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted addi
counted li
counted lfsx
counted nop
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmplw
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted bl
counted lwa
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicr
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted li
counted mr
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted cmpw
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted blt+
counted b
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
added bne+
counted b
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addis
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted ori
counted ld
counted fmr
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted lxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted fmr
trying to delete andi.: deleted
added crmove
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted addis
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted bne+
counted b
counted lwa
counted ld
counted xxlxor
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted addis
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted addis
counted ld
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted b
counted ld
counted crclr
counted add
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted li
counted b
counted crset
counted cmpw
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bgt
counted b
counted blt
counted b
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted ld
counted andi.
counted li
counted stw
counted bgt
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted ld
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted extsw
counted std
counted std
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted std
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted lis
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted mtctr
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted std
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted lfdux
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ldx
counted clrldi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted stxsdx
counted cmpd
counted addi
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted extsw
counted xxlxor
counted std
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted mfocrf
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted stw
counted std
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted stw
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted ld
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted stb
counted stw
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mr
counted beq
counted mr
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted mr
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted stw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted not
counted subfic
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted iselgt
counted ld
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lwz
counted stw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted std
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete b: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted ld
counted stw
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted clrldi
counted extsw
counted addi
counted mr
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted addis
counted ble
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted lfsx
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted ld
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted fmr
counted add
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted li
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stwux
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted rldicr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted mr
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted addis
counted addis
counted li
counted clrldi
counted li
counted extsw
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lfsx
counted lfsx
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted blt+
counted b
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted nop
counted ld
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted add
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted fmr
counted add
counted extsw
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted bne
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted b
counted addis
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted extsw
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lfsx
counted lfsx
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete b: deleted
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted blt+
counted b
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted fmr
counted add
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted b
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted li
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted bl
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted li
counted mr
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted cmpw
counted stxsdx
counted stw
counted blt+
counted b
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete b: deleted
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted bne+
counted b
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addis
counted mr
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted addi
counted ld
counted lfsx
counted std
counted std
counted fmr
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted lbz
counted fmr
counted andi.
counted crmove
counted bgt
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted addis
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
trying to delete bne+: deleted
counted b
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted addis
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted addis
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted rotlwi
counted mtocrf
counted b
counted ld
counted ld
counted crclr
counted add
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mtctr
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpw
counted bgt
counted b
counted crset
counted cmpw
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted b
counted blt
counted b
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stw
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete b: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted subf
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted blt
counted clrldi.
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted extsw
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted li
counted mcrf
counted subf
counted cmpldi
counted rldicr
counted clrldi.
counted li
trying to delete mcrf: deleted
counted cmpdi
counted rldicl
counted subf
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted rldicr
counted add
counted bgt
counted lbz
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted andi.
counted ldx
counted mr
trying to delete lfdux: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted li
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted b
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lbz
counted lwa
counted lfdux
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted li
counted beq
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted ldx
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted ldx
counted lwa
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted fmr
counted ble
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bne
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted li
counted cmpdi
counted beq
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted add
counted fmr
counted addi
counted xsadddp
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted xsadddp
counted bne
counted beq
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted li
counted cmpdi
counted xxlxor
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwax
counted fmr
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted bgt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted xsadddp
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ld
counted cmpd
counted addi
counted blt
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ld
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted mr
counted bne
counted lwz
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted ble
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted mr
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted stw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted not
counted subfic
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted iselgt
counted li
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwzu
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted stw
counted stw
counted std
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted b
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted std
counted stwux
counted std
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted li
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted mr
counted li
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ble
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete lis: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted li
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted addis
counted mulli
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted ldu
counted add
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted li
counted subf
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted stdx
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted bne
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lfsx
counted mr
counted bl
counted lxsdx
counted addis
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfsx
counted b
counted crclr
counted add
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted extsw
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted b
counted crset
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted cmpw
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted blt
counted b
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted subf
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ble
counted lwa
counted extsw
counted clrldi
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted clrldi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mr
counted lfdux
counted lwax
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted bgt
counted b
counted li
counted bgt
counted b
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted b
counted li
counted lwz
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted bgt
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted b
counted li
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted bgt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted bge
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addi
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted add
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted stwu
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted blt
counted clrldi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted clrlwi
counted bge
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted isellt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted isellt
counted bne
counted cmplwi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete isellt: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted extsw
counted xxlxor
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted fcmpu
counted fcmpu
added crnor
counted blt
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ble
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted add
counted cmpd
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted stwx
counted ble
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted cmplwi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stwx
counted extsw
counted stw
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted lis
counted li
counted mr
counted ori
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted mr
counted beq
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted subf
counted add
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted bne
counted b
counted extsw
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stw
trying to delete stwx: deleted
counted extsw
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted add
counted extsw
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted std
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted stdx
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted beq+
counted b
counted ld
counted std
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne+: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted extsw
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted lwz
counted li
counted stxsdx
counted add
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
counted li
counted b
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addis
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted li
counted stb
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted cmpw
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted blt+
counted b
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted subf
counted clrldi
counted extsw
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted ldx
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted mr
counted blt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted li
counted cmpw
added ble+
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpw
added bgt-
counted subf
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bl
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
trying to delete lwzx: deleted
counted stwx
counted stwx
counted ble
counted clrldi
counted ld
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted ldx
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ldx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted lwz
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpw
counted li
counted std
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted ble
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted ld
counted subf
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted lis
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted stw
counted ori
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted std
counted clrldi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted add
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted mr
counted blt
counted lis
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted oris
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted li
counted std
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted mulli
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted ld
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
added subf.
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmplw
counted beq+
trying to delete b: deleted
counted bgt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldic
counted lxsdx
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete blt: deleted
added xxspltd
counted li
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted add
added xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
added xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted clrldi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted clrldi.
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted mcrf
counted lxsdx
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted li
counted blt
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted clrlwi
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmplwi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted extsw
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted bge
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted bne
counted li
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted mr
counted ld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
trying to delete xsdivdp: deleted
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted mr
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted li
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted clrlwi
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted b
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted iselgt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmplwi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted extsw
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted b
counted cmplwi
counted cmpwi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldic
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted ble
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted blt
counted lwa
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted cmpw
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted cmpw
counted blt
counted lwa
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted li
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted bge
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted ble
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted ld
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted cmpw
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted clrldi
counted add
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete b: deleted
counted li
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted addi
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted subf
counted clrldi
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted cmpw
counted bgt
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted subf
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted blt
counted lis
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted oris
counted li
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete mulhdu: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicl
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted add
counted li
counted std
counted ori
counted mtctr
counted li
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
added clrlwi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted addi
counted rldicr
added neg
trying to delete add: deleted
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmplwi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted neg
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted stdu
counted rldicr
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted add
counted std
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
counted bne
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted ld
counted subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted lis
counted ld
counted addis
counted li
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted oris
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted extsw
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted mulhdu
trying to delete mulhdu: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted std
counted mtctr
counted ldu
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bne
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lbz
counted lwax
added mtfprwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted andi.
added xscvsxddp
counted xsmuldp
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted li
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted ldx
counted blt
counted ld
counted mr
counted addi
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted mr
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted extsw
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lwz
counted add
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted li
counted mr
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stw
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted cmpw
counted ori
counted ld
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bge-: not found
counted ld
counted lwz
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted stw
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted addis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted andi.
counted add
counted li
counted crmove
counted nop
counted bge
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted lwa
counted ldx
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ldx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
trying to delete beq-: deleted
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete b: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicr
counted add
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted lwa
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted bge
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted cmpw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted stxsdx
added bge-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted addis
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted cmpldi
counted bge
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted ble
counted ld
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted lwax
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lfdux
counted ldx
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ldu
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted bl
counted ld
counted cmpw
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted bge
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted lwz
counted stwx
counted stw
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ble
counted subf
counted mr
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted blt
counted lis
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted clrldi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted beq
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted subf
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted clrldi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted ble
counted lwa
counted extsw
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted clrldi
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted rldicr
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted cmpldi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicl
counted ldx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lfdux
counted ldx
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted ldu
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpw
counted ld
counted bge
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted lwz
counted stwx
counted stw
counted ble
counted subf
counted mr
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted blt
counted lis
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
counted std
counted beq
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted extsw
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted clrldi
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwax
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lfdux
counted ldx
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted ldu
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted extsw
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted blt
counted lis
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted nop
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted ld
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted ldx
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted add
counted subf
counted add
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted ldx
counted ld
counted stdu
counted ori
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted std
counted bne
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted rldicl
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted fmr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted stdux
counted ldx
counted blt
counted fmr
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted ldx
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted add
counted mtvsrd
counted std
counted bge
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted beq
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted mtctr
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted add
counted cmpdi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted xsdivdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bgt
counted std
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted extsw
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted lwzux
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted ld
counted lwz
counted stw
counted stw
counted ble
counted ld
counted mr
counted subf
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted lis
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted mulli
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted beq
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted subf
counted beq
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted add
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted add
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted mr
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted ble
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted clrldi
counted std
counted ble
counted lis
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted addi
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted clrldi.
counted li
counted rldicr
counted add
counted mcrf
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted fmr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted oris
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted li
counted ori
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted std
counted ld
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
counted add
counted subf.
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted addi
counted li
counted mfocrf
counted std
counted stw
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted cmplw
trying to delete bne-: deleted
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ld
counted rldic
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted fmr
counted ld
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted blt
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwax
counted bge
counted li
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete xxspltd: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted addi
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted cmpd
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted fmr
counted ld
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted lwz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rotlwi
counted ld
counted mtocrf
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted fmr
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted fmr
counted ble
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted b
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted blt
counted lis
counted addi
counted ori
counted rldicr
trying to delete oris: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete mulhdu: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ld
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete add: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted add
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted ble
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted std
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted ble
counted lis
counted xxlxor
counted clrldi
counted cmplwi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ori
counted addi
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted clrldi.
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted fmr
counted mcrf
counted lwa
counted subf
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted oris
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted ori
counted cmpdi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
counted addi
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted std
added isel
counted li
counted li
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
trying to delete mulli: deleted
counted rldic
counted add
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted std
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted subf.
counted mfocrf
counted stw
counted std
counted std
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted ld
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted rldic
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted fmr
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted blt
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted lwax
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted li
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted li
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
added xxspltd
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted b
counted ld
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted li
counted cmpdi
counted iselgt
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted cmpd
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted stdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted rotlwi
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted fmr
counted ld
counted ld
counted extsw
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted fmr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ble
counted ld
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted b
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted subf
counted beq
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted ld
counted add
counted rldicr
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted add
counted mtctr
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted stw
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted lis
counted mr
counted clrldi
counted xxlxor
counted clrldi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted mcrf
counted add
counted cmpdi
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted oris
counted std
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted isel
counted li
counted li
counted mulhdu
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted subf.
trying to delete mfocrf: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted stw
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmplw
counted bne-
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldic
counted rldicr
counted clrldi
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted std
counted mr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted bl
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted lwa
counted ld
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted xsadddp
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted fmr
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ldx
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted blt
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted bge
counted li
counted beq
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted li
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted xxspltd
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted mtocrf
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted fmr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted b
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted blt
trying to delete lis: deleted
counted ld
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted mtctr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted stdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ld
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted beq
counted ld
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted ld
counted cmpw
counted ld
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted mr
trying to delete lwzux: deleted
counted cmplw
trying to delete bne-: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted stw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted ble
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted blt
trying to delete lis: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted mr
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted beq
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted add
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted mr
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted mfocrf
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted rotlwi
counted stw
counted ble
counted li
counted mr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted lis
counted mr
counted li
counted xxlxor
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ori
counted cmpdi
counted rldicr
counted iselgt
counted cmpdi
counted fmr
counted oris
counted mfocrf
counted cmpldi
counted ori
counted std
counted mulhdu
counted stw
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicl
counted add
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldic
counted std
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted std
counted subf.
counted mcrf
counted addis
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted subf
counted mfocrf
counted stw
counted std
counted addi
counted addis
counted std
counted std
counted ld
counted std
counted addi
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted crmove
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted stw
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted stw
counted bge
counted ld
counted rldic
counted lxsdx
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted rldic
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted stw
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted rldic
counted std
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted cmplwi
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted subf
counted std
counted ori
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bne
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted mr
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lwz
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted xsmuldp
counted ld
counted li
counted xsadddp
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted lfdux
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted xxspltd
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted add
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted beq
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ld
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted add
counted iselgt
counted subf
counted addi
counted add
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted li
counted mtocrf
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted xxlxor
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted xxlxor
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted cmpldi
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted beq
counted cmpdi
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted iselgt
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted xxlxor
counted b
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted xxlxor
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvsubdp: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xvsubdp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted beq
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted cmpd
counted add
counted iselgt
counted subf
counted addi
counted add
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtocrf
counted bne
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted blt
trying to delete lis: deleted
counted mr
counted addi
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted ld
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted mr
counted beq
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted iselgt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted cmpwi
counted mr
counted lwzx
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted stw
counted ori
counted lwz
counted cmpw
counted bge-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted ld
counted extsw
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted fmr
counted ble
counted addis
counted lbz
counted addi
counted ld
counted andi.
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted lbz
counted addi
added crnot
counted andi.
counted ld
counted mtctr
added crorc
counted ld
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted stdu
counted bge
counted bdnz
counted b
counted addi
counted b
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted li
counted xxlxor
added crnand
counted cmpdi
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted ble
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted bge
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted b
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted std
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpw
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mr
counted lwzux
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted ld
counted lwz
counted stw
counted stw
counted ble
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted lis
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
counted beq
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted lwz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stw
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lis
counted mr
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted li
counted ori
counted cmpdi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted iselgt
counted cmpdi
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted oris
counted iselgt
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted mulhdu
counted std
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted std
counted li
counted addi
counted std
counted subf.
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted std
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mcrf
counted li
counted std
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted rldic
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lfdux
counted std
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted ld
counted rldic
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted bl
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted lbz
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted b
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted xsadddp
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted andi.
counted clrldi
counted crmove
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ble
counted lbz
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lwa
trying to delete lfdux: deleted
counted rldicr
counted andi.
counted ld
counted ldx
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted b
counted lbz
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lwa
counted lfdux
counted andi.
counted ld
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted xxlxor
counted lwax
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted ldx
counted cmpd
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwax
trying to delete li: deleted
counted cmpdi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted li
counted cmpdi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted fmr
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted bgt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted blt
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted xxspltd
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted add
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted addi
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted beq
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted add
counted iselgt
counted ld
counted subf
counted addi
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted bl
counted nop
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted rotlwi
counted mtocrf
counted bne
counted ld
counted li
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted lis
counted ld
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted std
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addi
counted stdx
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted cmpd
counted iselgt
counted add
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted ble
counted addis
counted lbz
counted addi
counted ld
counted andi.
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted crnand
counted bgt
counted ld
counted addi
counted mtctr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted stdu
counted bge
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted addi
counted b
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted cmpdi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted ble
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted bge
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stw
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted addis
counted std
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addis
counted stb
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted addis
counted li
counted addis
counted ld
counted stw
counted addi
counted b
counted addis
counted ld
counted stw
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted addis
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq
counted addis
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted cmplwi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted addis
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted beq
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted b
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stw
counted addis
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ldx
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete b: deleted
counted addis
counted ld
counted li
counted b
counted addis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted b
counted addis
counted ld
counted li
counted b
counted addis
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
trying to delete mflr: deleted
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted bl
counted nop
counted bl
counted nop
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted addis
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted addis
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted b
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted li
counted addis
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted cmpldi
counted stw
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted beq
counted ld
counted std
counted b
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted addi
counted std
counted stw
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted add
counted std
counted extsw
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
counted mfocrf
counted rotlwi
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted blt
counted lis
counted clrldi
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted cmpdi
counted rldicl
counted li
counted addi
counted mfocrf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mcrf
counted cmpdi
counted stw
counted addi
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted subf
counted ld
counted std
counted clrldi
counted li
counted std
counted b
counted li
counted li
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted li
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted li
counted crand
counted blt
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted beq
counted ld
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted bne
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted bne
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted li
counted clrldi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmplwi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted li
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted cmpld
counted cror
counted crand
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted cror
counted cror
counted cror
counted cmpld
counted crand
trying to delete cror: deleted
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicl
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted subf
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted add
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted add
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted add
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted stdu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted ori
counted ldu
counted stdu
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted blt
counted lis
counted mr
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted addi
trying to delete mulli: deleted
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted cmpldi
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted addis
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted extsw
counted ld
counted li
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted std
counted mr
counted lwz
counted stw
counted bl
counted addis
counted fmr
counted li
counted stw
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
counted stxsdx
counted cmplwi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted lxsdx
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
added blt-
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted extsw
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt+: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted fmr
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted bne
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lfd
counted lfd
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted addis
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted xscvsxddp
counted xssubdp
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bge
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted ori
counted lwa
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted b
counted mfvsrd
counted std
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted b
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mtvsrd
counted xscvsxddp
counted xssubdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted stxsdx
counted b
counted ld
counted fmr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted beq
counted fmr
counted ld
counted lxsdx
added xsrdpim
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
added xsrdpip
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted std
counted beq
counted addis
counted ld
counted addi
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted b
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted std
counted cmpdi
counted ld
counted stw
counted stxvd2x
counted std
counted ori
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
trying to delete crorc: deleted
counted bge
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted lfsx
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stw
counted bl
counted mr
counted fmr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwa
counted std
counted std
counted xsrdpim
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted fmr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwa
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted xsrdpip
trying to delete xsnegdp: deleted
counted bl
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpdi
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted std
added crorc
counted std
counted bge
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted mr
counted bne
counted ld
counted li
counted std
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted mr
counted bne
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted std
counted xscmpudp
counted beq
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted addis
counted addi
counted xssubdp
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mfcr: deleted
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted stfd
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted fmr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted fmr
counted lfd
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted clrldi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted bge
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted xxlxor
counted b
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted subf
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted bl
counted nop
counted fmr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted ble
counted clrldi
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted clrldi.
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted mcrf
counted cmpldi
counted li
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted li
counted ldx
counted blt
counted fmr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted bl
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpd
counted bgt
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
counted b
counted xxlxor
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted fmr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ble
counted addis
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted mr
counted lfdu
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted fmr
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted bne+
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted lfdu
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted cmpd
counted bgt
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted xscvsxddp
counted b
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted fmr
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted mr
counted addis
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted ld
counted xscmpudp
counted stxsdx
counted ld
counted addi
counted stw
counted std
counted ble
counted extsw
counted addis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lfsx
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted bge
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted lwz
counted b
counted lwz
counted addi
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted li
counted extsw
counted stw
counted li
counted stw
counted stw
counted std
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted li
counted extsw
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted add
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted stw
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted li
counted stxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bne-
trying to delete fcmpu: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted stw
counted blt
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stw
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted lis
counted clrldi
counted ld
counted cmplwi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted clrldi
counted li
counted ori
counted std
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted addi
counted std
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mcrf
counted addi
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted std
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted li
counted crand
counted blt
counted std
counted beq
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted li
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted beq
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted bne
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted crset
counted ld
counted b
counted ld
counted ld
counted crclr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
counted extsw
counted ble
counted addis
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addi
counted lfdux
counted lfsx
trying to delete fcmpu: deleted
counted fcmpu
trying to delete cror: deleted
counted bge
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted crclr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldic
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted extsw
counted bgt
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addi
counted lfdux
counted lfsx
trying to delete fcmpu: deleted
counted fcmpu
trying to delete cror: deleted
counted bge
counted stxsdx
counted bge
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted lfsx
counted li
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted ldx
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bge
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted ldx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addis
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted cmpw
counted crand
counted blt
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted xxlxor
counted addis
counted lwz
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted lwz
counted bl
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stw
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted lfsx
counted fcmpu
counted cror
counted blt
counted lwz
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted xscvsxddp
counted xssubdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted lwa
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted addis
counted addi
counted xscvsxddp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bge
counted stxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted addis
counted li
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted fmr
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addis
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted fcmpu
trying to delete cror: deleted
counted bge
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted fmr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted xscvsxddp
counted xssubdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted stxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted beq
counted fmr
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsrdpim
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
counted xsrdpip
counted ld
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
trying to delete blr: deleted
counted li
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted b
counted addis
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted addi
counted std
counted beq
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete b: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted std
counted stw
counted stxvd2x
counted std
counted b
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted addis
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stfd
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted li
counted add
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted mr
counted blt
counted addis
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addis
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted mr
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted stdux
counted blt
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted ld
counted mr
counted add
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete add: deleted
counted cmpw
counted blt
counted b
counted li
counted add
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted bge
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted clrldi
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted rldic
counted cmpw
counted stdx
counted ble
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdu
counted cmpw
counted bgt
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addis
counted li
counted mr
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted fmr
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted add
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted add
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted li
counted addis
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted lis
counted mr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ori
counted nop
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted clrlwi.
counted beq
counted bl
counted nop
added mulld
counted rldicl
added sradi
counted add
counted mulli
counted subf
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted mtfprwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpdi
counted xscvsxddp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted vspltisw
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted nop
counted vadduwm
added xxmrglw
counted add
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxmrglw
counted vadduwm
counted xxmrglw
counted xxmrglw
counted vadduwm
counted xxmrglw
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted xxmrglw
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxmrglw: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxmrglw
counted vadduwm
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
added xvcvsxwdp
counted xxmrglw
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xxmrglw
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xxmrglw
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xxmrglw
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvcvsxwdp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted bdnz
counted lis
counted li
counted lis
counted lis
counted li
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ori
counted ori
counted ori
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted std
counted lis
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ori
counted ori
counted std
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted std
counted ori
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted std
counted rldicr
counted std
counted ori
counted lis
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted std
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted std
counted lis
counted std
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted li
counted stdx
counted bl
counted nop
counted mulld
counted rldicl
counted sradi
counted add
counted mulli
counted subf
counted bl
counted nop
counted mulld
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted sradi
counted cmplwi
counted add
counted mulli
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted mtfprwa
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted xscvsxddp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwz
counted bl
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted stw
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted blr
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted mr
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted blt-
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted mulli
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted mtfprwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete xscvsxddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mtfprwa: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted xscvsxddp
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted blt
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt+
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted extsw
counted ld
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
added lwaux
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted li
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted clrldi
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted xscmpudp
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpw
counted bge-
counted extsw
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwzux
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted bge-
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stwx
counted ld
counted ori
counted lwz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stw
counted ld
counted ori
counted lwa
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted ld
counted ldx
counted lwa
counted ldx
counted stfdux
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwzx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stwx
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted xxlxor
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stw
counted add
counted ld
counted ori
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ldx
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwax
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted cmpwi
counted stdux
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lwaux
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt-: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted li
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted stw
counted add
counted rldicr
counted lwz
counted ldx
counted stw
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stdx
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwa
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted li
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwax
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwax
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ldx
counted lwax
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted ldx
counted mr
counted lfdux
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwax
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted ld
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted ldx
counted lwax
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwax
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted cmpw
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted ldx
counted lwzx
counted std
counted lwa
counted stfd
added ldux
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted subf
counted andi.
counted addi
counted bgt
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ld
counted stdx
counted addi
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted lwz
counted stwx
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted addi
counted ldux
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete ldux: deleted
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted stdx
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted stwx
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwz
counted stw
counted bne
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted stwx
counted blt
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwzux
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted ldx
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpw
counted cmpw
counted crorc
counted bge
counted cmplw
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted bne-
counted mr
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted addi
counted stw
counted ori
counted lwz
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted ble
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted xscmpudp
counted beq-
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stwx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted b
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted ld
counted fmr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted beq+
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bne-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lfd
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted beq
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lbz
added rlwinm.
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted bne
counted li
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmpwi
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted stb
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
added lbzx
counted rlwinm.
counted bne
counted cmplwi
counted mr
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted mr
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted stb
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted beq
counted mr
counted nop
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lbzx
counted rlwinm.
counted beq
counted stb
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted bne
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted mr
counted b
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted stb
counted ori
counted lbz
counted cmplwi
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted extsw
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted bl
counted nop
counted bl
counted nop
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted li
counted addis
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted cmpldi
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted beq
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete b: deleted
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
counted std
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted std
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted add
counted std
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted extsw
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted blt
counted lis
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted oris
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted std
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
counted beq
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpldi
counted subf
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted rldicr
counted li
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted addis
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted stdu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted add
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bne
counted li
counted li
counted stw
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted extsw
counted std
counted mr
counted addi
counted std
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted fmr
counted li
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted bne
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted ld
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted xscvsxddp
counted xssubdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted bgt
counted b
counted mfvsrd
counted cmpwi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ble
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted ld
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
counted bgt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bge-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfsx
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted fmr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted xscvsxddp
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bge
counted stxsdx
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted fmr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted beq
counted fmr
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsrdpim
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
counted xsrdpip
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted addis
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted std
counted beq
counted addis
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted b
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted xxlxor
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted stw
counted stxvd2x
counted std
counted ori
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted crorc
counted bge
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted lfsx
counted mr
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted mr
counted fmr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwa
counted std
counted std
counted xsrdpim
counted bl
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted fmr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted xsrdpip
counted xsnegdp
counted bl
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted std
counted crorc
counted std
counted bge
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted mr
counted bne
counted ld
counted li
counted std
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted mr
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted std
counted xscmpudp
counted beq
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted addis
counted addi
counted xssubdp
counted b
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted std
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted extsw
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted ld
counted li
counted std
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpwi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted blt
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted lvx
counted stw
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
counted beq
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted vslw
counted addi
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addi
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted addis
counted addis
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted add
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted nop
counted stwu
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted li
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted blt
counted addis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted extsw
counted beq
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted bne
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted cmpdi
counted ld
counted isel
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted isel
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted beq
counted addis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted bne
counted ld
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted isel
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lxsdx
counted xxlxor
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted li
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicr
counted std
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted extsw
counted li
counted std
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted extsw
counted li
counted stw
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted cmpwi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted iselgt
counted stb
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted std
counted mr
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpw
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ble
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted mr
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwzu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted not
counted subfic
counted cmpd
counted iselgt
counted li
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicl
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lwz
counted stw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted std
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted b
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted li
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted stwux
counted std
counted li
counted stw
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted rldicr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted addi
counted li
counted stw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stb
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted stb
counted stw
counted iselgt
counted li
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted mr
counted blt
counted addis
counted addis
counted li
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted ble
counted lwz
counted lfsx
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted clrldi
counted li
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted bge-
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted fmr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lxsdx
counted xxlxor
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lwz
counted subf
counted addis
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ble
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted clrldi
counted li
counted lfsx
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted fmr
counted add
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted li
counted lfsx
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted add
counted extsw
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted bne
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted b
counted lwz
counted lfsx
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted li
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bge-
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted fmr
counted add
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwz
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted lfsx
counted nop
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted li
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted rldicr
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted li
counted mr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted cmpw
counted stxsdx
counted stw
counted bge-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted addis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted addis
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted lfsx
counted std
counted std
counted ld
counted fmr
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted lbz
counted fmr
counted andi.
counted crmove
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted addis
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted mr
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mr
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lwz
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted lwz
counted mr
counted xsabsdp
counted addis
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted b
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted crclr
counted add
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted li
counted b
counted crset
counted cmpw
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ble
counted bge
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted std
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted blt
counted lis
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted std
counted ori
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted std
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted beq
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpldi
counted lfdux
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted stxsdx
counted cmpd
counted addi
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted bge
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted bgt
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted extsw
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ble
counted lis
counted addis
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted oris
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted mulhdu
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted std
counted mtctr
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bne
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted ldx
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted lwax
counted mtfprwa
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted xscvsxddp
counted xsmuldp
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted li
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted subf
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted cmpdi
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted li
counted ldx
counted blt
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addi
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted li
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted li
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted mr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted addi
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bne
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete b: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted li
counted rldicr
counted lwz
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted lwa
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted extsw
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stw
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted cmpw
counted ori
counted ld
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bge-: deleted
counted lwz
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted stw
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete b: deleted
counted addis
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted std
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpw
counted ld
counted bge
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted mr
trying to delete lwzux: deleted
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted ld
counted lwz
counted stw
counted stw
counted ble
counted subf
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted blt
trying to delete lis: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
trying to delete mulhdu: deleted
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted std
counted beq
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted addi
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted ble-
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted lis
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted addis
counted ori
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted std
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted ld
counted fmr
counted oris
counted cmpldi
counted ori
counted add
counted std
counted mulhdu
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted rldicl
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted subf.
counted mfocrf
counted stw
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted ble
counted ld
counted li
counted mtctr
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lbz
counted stw
counted andi.
counted crmove
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
trying to delete beq-: deleted
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted bge
counted ld
counted rldic
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted rldic
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted blt
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted ld
counted rldic
counted std
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted cmplwi
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted subf
counted std
counted ori
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bne
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted xsmuldp
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted xsadddp
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwzx: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lfdux
counted cmpldi
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted xxspltd
counted li
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted add
counted iselgt
counted subf
counted addi
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted li
counted cmpdi
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted ble
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted lwz
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted fmr
counted ld
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted bne
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted li
counted stw
counted bgt
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted lis
counted addi
counted ori
counted rldicr
trying to delete oris: deleted
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted beq
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted cmpwi
counted lwzx
counted ldx
counted blt
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted stw
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpw
counted bge-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted fmr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted fmr
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ble
counted lbz
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted andi.
counted li
trying to delete crmove: deleted
counted crmove
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted blt+
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted lwz
counted andi.
counted cmpwi
counted crand
counted beq
counted crand
counted beq
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted b
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldx
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete b: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted fmr
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stw
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfocrf
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted fmr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted fmr
counted lfd
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
trying to delete blr: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted ld
counted andi.
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
counted xxlxor
counted lbz
counted ld
counted li
counted fmr
counted andi.
counted extsw
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted bne
counted ld
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted xsadddp
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted b
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted b
counted beq
counted xxlxor
counted lbz
counted li
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted fmr
counted andi.
counted extsw
counted cmpdi
counted nop
counted fmr
counted ble
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted beq
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted xsadddp
counted blt
counted cmpwi
counted bl
counted nop
counted fmr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted ble
counted lbz
counted lwz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted cmpwi
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted crmove
counted andi.
counted blt
counted fmr
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted li
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted bne
counted ld
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted beq
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted xsadddp
counted blt
counted b
counted fmr
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted bne
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted beq
counted beq
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpd
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted ble
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpd
counted bgt
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted xscvsxddp
counted b
counted xxlxor
counted addis
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted fmr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted fmr
counted addis
counted extsw
counted ld
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted mr
counted addi
counted xsadddp
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpd
counted blt+
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted fmr
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted mr
counted addis
counted li
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted std
counted ble
counted extsw
counted addis
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lfsx
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted lwz
counted b
counted lwz
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stw
counted lwa
counted stw
counted stw
counted std
counted addi
counted mr
counted stw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted li
counted ld
trying to delete stb: deleted
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted iselgt
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted add
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
counted li
counted cmpwi
counted stw
counted stw
counted iselgt
counted stb
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted add
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
counted li
counted cmpwi
counted stw
counted stw
counted iselgt
counted stw
counted stb
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted std
counted extsw
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted stw
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted li
counted stxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bne-
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted xxlxor
counted clrldi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted extsw
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted crset
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted lwa
counted lwz
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted cmpw
counted stxsdx
counted stw
counted bge-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted crclr
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
counted b
counted crclr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted extsw
counted li
counted ld
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete stwx: deleted
counted lwa
counted lwz
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpw
counted stxsdx
counted stw
counted bge-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted fcmpu
counted extsw
counted ble
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted addi
counted lfdux
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted fcmpu
counted fcmpu
counted cror
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted stxsdx
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted b
counted xsnegdp
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted addi
counted lfdux
counted lfsx
counted fcmpu
trying to delete fcmpu: deleted
counted cror
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted bge
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted lfsx
counted lfsx
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted extsw
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted xsnegdp
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stwx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lwz
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpw
counted stxsdx
counted stw
counted bge-
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ld
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted lwa
counted lwz
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted stdx
counted stw
counted bge-
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addis
counted lwz
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted cmpw
counted crand
counted blt
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted bl
counted xsabsdp
counted addis
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted li
counted stxsdx
counted fcmpu
counted cror
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted xscvsxddp
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted ld
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted lwa
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted addis
counted addi
counted xscvsxddp
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted stxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted b
counted addis
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted fmr
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted mr
counted addi
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addis
counted nop
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted fcmpu
counted cror
counted bge
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stw
counted bl
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted lwa
counted lwz
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpw
counted stxsdx
counted stw
counted bge-
counted lwz
counted b
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted xscvsxddp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted fmr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted beq
counted fmr
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsrdpim
counted xscmpudp
counted blt
counted xsrdpip
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted ld
counted std
counted std
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted li
counted stw
counted stxsdx
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted b
counted addis
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted addi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted beq
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted b
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted stw
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted std
counted b
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted addis
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted addis
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted addis
counted addis
counted mr
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted lxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfsx
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted addis
counted addi
counted b
counted addis
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted addis
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted xsabsdp
counted iselgt
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
trying to delete mfvsrd: deleted
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted addis
counted mfvsrd
counted li
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted xxlxor
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted clrldi
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted cmplwi
added iseleq
counted b
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted cmplwi
trying to delete iseleq: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted crnot
counted bge
counted xsabsdp
counted isel
counted b
trying to delete isel: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted clrldi
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted mr
counted mr
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addis
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted addis
counted li
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted ld
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ldx
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted xxlxor
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted ldx
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted mr
counted lfdux
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted xscmpudp
counted beq-
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lfsx
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwzx
counted lfdux
counted lwz
counted lfdux
counted xsdivdp
counted add
counted cmpwi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted lwz
trying to delete stwx: deleted
counted ori
counted lwz
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted addi
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted beq
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted clrldi
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted addi
counted beq
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpdi
counted cmpd
counted cror
counted blt
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted cmpwi
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted li
counted add
counted beq
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted ld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted add
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpd
counted cror
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted beq
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted ble
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted addi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted mtctr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted beq
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
counted extsw
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mfcr: deleted
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted lwa
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwa
counted clrldi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted cmpdi
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lis
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted std
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted rldicr
counted std
counted oris
counted ori
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicl
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted addi
counted std
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted addi
counted mcrf
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted std
counted rldicr
counted std
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted li
trying to delete crand: deleted
counted blt
counted std
counted beq
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted bdnz
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted std
counted ble
counted ld
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mtctr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdx
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted addi
counted bne
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted lis
counted ld
counted addis
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted addis
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted subf.
counted mcrf
counted addis
counted addi
counted std
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted bge
counted addi
counted subfic
counted add
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted cmpw
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted add
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted ld
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted li
counted blt
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted add
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted beq
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
counted addi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted rldic
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted mr
counted stdx
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stdx
counted bl
counted lwz
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted ldx
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted b
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
counted subf
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted li
counted blt
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted beq
counted ld
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted bge
counted ld
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ldx
counted add
counted ble
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lxsdx
counted ldu
counted ld
counted xsnegdp
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete xsdivdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted lwz
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted std
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted xsabsdp
counted std
counted mr
counted addis
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted lfsx
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted fcmpu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted cror
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted blt
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
counted li
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
counted std
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted blt
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted lis
counted clrldi
counted addis
counted ori
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted mfocrf
counted addi
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lfsx
counted addi
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted oris
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted mfocrf
counted li
counted clrldi.
counted stw
counted mcrf
counted subf
counted ori
counted clrldi.
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted subf
counted mcrf
counted stw
counted std
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted addis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted rldicl
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted addi
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stw
counted bge
counted b
counted std
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted extsw
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted lwz
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stw
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lfdu
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted b
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted blt
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted b
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted b
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted iselgt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted mtctr
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lfdu
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted extsw
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted blt
counted ld
counted std
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted std
counted ori
counted mtctr
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete add: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted ldx
counted ld
counted stdu
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bne
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted ld
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted li
counted stdux
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted add
counted mtvsrd
counted std
counted bge
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted subf
counted add
counted ld
counted addi
counted add
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted add
counted cmpdi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted bgt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted bne
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted li
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
trying to delete xsdivdp: deleted
counted fcmpu
counted cror
counted blt
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted extsw
counted lwz
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmpw
counted bge
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted fmr
counted mr
counted mr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
trying to delete fcmpu: deleted
counted cror
counted blt
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted extsw
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lwz
counted lwzx
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted addi
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted xsdivdp
counted fcmpu
trying to delete cror: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bne
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwzx
counted lwzx
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted fmr
counted mr
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
counted li
counted rldicr
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
trying to delete lis: deleted
counted ld
counted stw
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
trying to delete mulli: deleted
counted rldic
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted add
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted bge
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addis
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted stw
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mfcr: deleted
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted clrldi
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted fmr
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted stdux
counted ldx
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted fmr
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted addi
counted add
counted nop
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted cmpd
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted add
counted mtvsrd
counted std
counted bge
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrldi
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted add
counted cmpdi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted bgt
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted mr
counted blt
counted cmplwi
counted extsw
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted add
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stdu
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted add
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdu
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ldx
counted addi
counted std
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
counted bne
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted ldx
counted mtvsrd
counted stdux
counted beq
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted cmpldi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted beq
counted addi
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted lfdu
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted ldx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bne
counted lwz
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted ld
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted fmr
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted stdux
counted blt
counted fmr
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted lwz
counted li
counted mr
counted clrldi
counted subf
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted extsw
counted blt
counted extsw
counted addi
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted ble
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted blt
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdu
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted ldx
counted std
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ldx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted std
counted lwa
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
counted rldicr
counted ori
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ldx
counted std
counted bdnz
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted li
counted mr
counted cmpdi
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted mr
counted blt
counted ble
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted rldicl
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted fmr
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted stdux
counted blt
counted fmr
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete b: deleted
counted rldic
counted li
counted mr
counted clrldi
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted subf
counted li
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lwa
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted rldicr
added stfdu
counted ori
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted xssubdp
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xssubdp
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
counted add
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stfdu
counted bdnz
counted ble
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted std
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted clrldi
counted extsw
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted xxlxor
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted subf
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted ld
counted li
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
trying to delete stfd: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted bl
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted li
counted lwz
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted lfdux
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted stdux
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted ldx
counted mtvsrd
counted stdux
counted beq
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted cmpldi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted mr
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted ldx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsdivdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted lwz
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted cmpldi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted li
counted stdux
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted fmr
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted mfocrf
counted stw
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted blt
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted blt
trying to delete lis: deleted
counted xxspltd
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicl
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
counted cmpldi
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted xsdivdp
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted stfdux
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted std
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ble
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted blt
counted lis
counted xxspltd
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
added xvadddp
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted cmpldi
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted stxvd2x
counted add
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted extsw
counted lwzx
counted rldicr
counted lwzux
counted stwx
counted stw
counted li
counted lwz
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted mr
counted subf
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted cmpwi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted blt
counted clrldi
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted subf
counted subf
counted subf
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted li
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted blt
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdu
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted ldx
trying to delete std: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted std
counted lwa
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted cmpdi
counted blt
counted ble
counted clrldi
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted cmpldi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted li
counted stdux
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted fmr
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ble
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted rldic
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted std
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted li
counted crand
counted blt
counted lis
counted xxspltd
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted cmpldi
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted lwz
trying to delete std: deleted
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted ld
counted ld
counted ble
counted clrldi
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted clrldi
counted cmpldi
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted addis
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted isel
counted addi
counted isel
counted addi
counted isel
counted addi
counted addi
counted isel
counted cmpld
counted isel
counted isel
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpwi
counted ble-
counted li
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ldx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted extsw
counted cmpwi
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted li
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted std
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bne
counted cmpw
counted ble
counted subf
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted lis
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted add
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted std
trying to delete add: deleted
counted std
counted add
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted li
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted li
counted subf
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted ld
counted stdx
counted add
counted addi
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted addi
counted extsw
counted subf
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted blt
trying to delete lis: deleted
counted add
counted li
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted add
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted clrlwi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted clrldi
counted add
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmplwi
counted blt
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted subf
counted add
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmplwi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bne
counted ld
counted li
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted lwz
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtocrf
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted ldx
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted ldu
counted addi
counted ldu
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ble
counted addis
counted subf
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted std
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
counted stw
counted ld
counted lwz
counted extsw
counted blt
counted lis
counted add
counted stw
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted oris
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted ori
counted li
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted add
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted mr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted mr
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ldx
counted add
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted mr
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted lis
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted mulli
counted rldic
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
counted beq
counted add
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted add
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted add
counted rldicr
counted subf
trying to delete add: deleted
counted mtctr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted std
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted blt
counted lis
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
trying to delete oris: deleted
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted mulli
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted std
counted beq
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted subf
counted beq
counted add
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted add
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted add
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted stw
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted li
counted ori
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
trying to delete mulli: deleted
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted add
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted subf
counted add
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted add
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bne
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted ldx
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted cmpwi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted fcmpu
added crandc
counted blt
counted xsnegdp
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted stfdux
counted beq
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted li
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted std
counted ld
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted lwa
counted std
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted std
counted blt
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lis
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted std
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted oris
counted std
counted li
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicl
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mcrf
counted addi
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted li
counted crand
counted blt
counted std
counted beq
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted add
counted li
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpldi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted nop
counted ld
counted subf
counted mr
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted li
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted mr
counted bl
counted lwa
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lis
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted std
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted oris
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted rldicl
counted cmpdi
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mcrf
counted addi
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted li
counted crand
counted blt
counted std
counted beq
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted beq
counted nop
counted ld
counted subf
counted mr
counted clrldi.
counted subf
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted li
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lfd
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted cmplw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne-
trying to delete li: deleted
counted clrldi
counted extsw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted ble
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
counted std
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted ble
counted lis
counted ld
counted std
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted ori
counted std
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted oris
counted std
counted li
counted ori
counted std
counted mulhdu
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted addi
counted std
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted mcrf
counted addi
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted subf
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted ldx
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted li
counted crand
counted blt
counted std
counted beq
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted li
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted beq
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bne
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted cmplwi
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted clrldi
counted std
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addis
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted vslw
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted b
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted addis
counted addis
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted add
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted stwu
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted nop
counted ld
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted add
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted add
counted addi
counted iselgt
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted bge
counted b
counted nop
counted mr
counted fmr
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted blt
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete add: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted isel
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted isel
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted iselgt
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted extsw
counted mr
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted ldux
counted ldx
counted lwzx
trying to delete lwzx: deleted
counted stwx
counted stwx
counted std
counted stdx
counted bge
counted ld
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpld
counted add
counted add
counted bne
counted subf
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted mr
counted ld
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted subf
counted subf
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi.
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted ldx
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lfdux
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted beq
counted add
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted subf
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted cmpldi
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted bne
counted lis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted oris
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted ori
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted mulhdu
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted std
counted std
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted extsw
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted subf.
counted mcrf
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted stdx
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted lwax
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted ldx
counted cmpldi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xssubdp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted xssubdp
counted xssubdp
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted bdnz
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted lxsdx
counted ldx
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted add
counted lxsdx
counted cmpd
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted ble
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted add
counted mtctr
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted bdnz
counted lxsdx
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted bgt
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted ldu
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted ldu
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ld
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted stdx
counted bne
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted mr
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted lwz
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted cmplw
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bne-
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted bl
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lwa
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted li
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lfdux
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted stfd
counted fmr
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted stfd
counted lfsx
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted xsabsdp
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted fcmpu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stxvd2x
counted cror
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted extsw
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted mfocrf
counted stw
counted blt
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted li
counted cmpldi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted stdx
counted bge
counted b
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bge
counted li
counted add
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted add
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted mfocrf
counted lis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rotlwi
counted stw
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted std
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted cmpwi
counted ori
counted add
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted mfocrf
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted mulhdu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mfocrf
counted stw
counted stw
counted std
counted std
counted addis
counted clrldi.
counted ld
counted rldicl
counted mcrf
counted rotldi
counted clrldi.
counted mulli
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stw
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted li
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted mfocrf
counted cmpldi
counted li
trying to delete mfocrf: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted mcrf
counted stw
counted std
counted subf
counted std
counted std
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted cmpdi
trying to delete mfocrf: deleted
counted cmpldi
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted lis
counted mfocrf
counted ori
counted stw
counted add
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted subf
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted rldicl
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted std
counted rldicl
counted std
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted rldicr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted stw
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted std
counted extsw
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted bl
counted mr
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted rotlwi
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lfdux
counted bge
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted mtctr
counted li
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lwa
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lwz
counted ld
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted ble
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lfdux
counted lwax
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted mtctr
counted li
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lwz
counted li
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted xxswapd
trying to delete mtvsrd: deleted
counted ld
counted mtvsrd
counted ld
counted xxswapd
counted mtvsrd
counted ld
counted xxswapd
counted mtvsrd
counted ld
counted xxswapd
counted mtvsrd
counted ld
added vmrglw
counted xxswapd
counted vmrglw
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vmrglw
counted mtvsrd
counted ld
counted mtvsrd
counted ld
counted vmrglw
counted xxswapd
added vsld
counted xxswapd
counted vsld
counted vmrglw
counted mtvsrd
added vsrad
counted vsrad
counted xxswapd
counted vsld
counted xxswapd
counted mtvsrd
counted xxswapd
counted ld
counted vmrglw
counted mtvsrd
counted xxswapd
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete vsrad: deleted
counted vmrglw
counted xxswapd
counted vsld
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted vsld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted vsrad
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted vmrglw
counted lxsdx
counted xxswapd
counted mtvsrd
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vmrglw
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vsld
counted xxswapd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted vsrad
counted rldicr
counted mtvsrd
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted vsld
counted xxswapd
counted vsrad
counted xxswapd
counted mfvsrd
counted xxswapd
counted lxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted xxswapd
counted vmrglw
counted rldicr
counted xxswapd
counted vsrad
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xxswapd
counted mfvsrd
added xxmrgld
counted vmrglw
counted xxswapd
counted vsld
counted mfvsrd
counted xxmrgld
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
trying to delete vmrglw: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted vsld
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted lxsdx
counted xxswapd
counted mfvsrd
counted xxswapd
counted vsrad
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted xxmrgld
counted li
counted vsrad
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted xxswapd
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted xxswapd
counted lxsdx
counted vsld
counted xxswapd
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted vsld
counted rldicr
counted xxmrgld
trying to delete mfvsrd: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xxswapd
counted vsrad
counted xxmrgld
trying to delete mfvsrd: deleted
counted rldicr
counted vsld
counted xxswapd
counted lxsdx
counted mfvsrd
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted rldicr
counted vsrad
counted lxsdx
counted xxswapd
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted xxswapd
counted vsrad
counted xxswapd
counted lxsdx
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted xxmrgld
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted xxswapd
counted mfvsrd
counted rldicr
counted xxmrgld
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted xxswapd
counted mfvsrd
counted lxsdx
counted xxswapd
counted rldicr
counted mfvsrd
counted xxswapd
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted xxswapd
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted add
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted xxmrgld
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxmrgld
counted xxswapd
counted lxsdx
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted xxmrgld
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxmrgld: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xxmrgld
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xvsubdp: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted mtocrf
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted beq
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stfdu: deleted
counted bdnz
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted mtocrf
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ori
counted ld
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted b
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted b
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted b
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted lwz
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted beq
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted mtctr
counted b
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ble
counted ld
counted extsw
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted ldx
counted ld
counted lwz
counted li
counted rotlwi
counted mtocrf
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted mr
trying to delete lfdux: deleted
counted ldx
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted ldu
counted rldicr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lfdux
counted ldx
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted addi
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted bge
counted fmr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
counted fmr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mtctr
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted nop
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted ld
counted ld
counted fmr
counted b
counted lwz
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted li
counted rldic
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted rotlwi
counted mtocrf
counted ld
counted lwz
counted rotlwi
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted clrldi
counted rldic
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpld
counted add
counted rldicr
counted lwax
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted bne
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted add
counted li
counted add
counted beq
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted xsmuldp
counted b
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted mr
counted xsmuldp
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted b
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted ble
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted bge
counted xxlxor
counted li
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted fmr
counted b
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted b
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted fmr
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted mtocrf
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted cmpwi
counted stw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted blt
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted clrldi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted clrldi
counted lfsx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted xsdivdp
counted blt
counted ld
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted beq
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted stxsdx
counted fmr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted fmr
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted stxsdx
counted fmr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted subf
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted fmr
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted beq
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted lis
counted add
counted extsw
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmplwi
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted oris
counted lwzx
counted ori
counted mulhdu
trying to delete stwx: deleted
counted stwx
counted lwa
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldicr
counted rotldi
trying to delete mulli: deleted
counted rldic
counted ldx
added xori
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted mulli
counted rldicr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
counted rldicl
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted rldicl
counted li
counted addi
counted std
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted std
counted add
counted subf.
counted addi
counted addi
counted mcrf
counted addi
counted subf.
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mcrf
counted std
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmpld
counted ldx
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bne
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmpld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted cror
counted blt
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted li
counted xxspltd
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted add
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted beq
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted stfdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted subf
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted stfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted ldx
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmpld
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted cmpld
counted add
counted crand
counted cmpld
counted cror
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted cror
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete xxspltd: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted add
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
trying to delete xvadddp: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted stfdu
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted xsmuldp
counted stfdu
counted lfdu
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted b
counted add
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted lwzx
counted stwx
counted stwx
counted ori
counted lwz
counted xori
counted stw
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted mtocrf
counted blr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted xsabsdp
counted std
counted mr
counted addis
counted stfd
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted addi
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted lfsx
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted fcmpu
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted cror
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted blt
counted extsw
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted std
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted cmpwi
counted std
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted clrldi
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted mcrf
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted rldicl
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted li
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ble
counted lwa
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwax
counted ldx
counted li
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lfdux
counted ldx
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted bge
counted fmr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted fmr
counted li
counted li
counted mtctr
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted nop
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted std
trying to delete b: deleted
counted rldicr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted add
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted subf
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addi
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted add
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted addi
counted extsw
counted li
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted nop
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mtvsrd: deleted
counted xscvsxddp
counted xssubdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted fcmpu
counted cror
counted cmpw
counted crorc
counted bge
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mtvsrd
counted addis
counted addi
counted xscvsxddp
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bge-
counted ld
counted stxsdx
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted ld
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted subf
counted ld
counted ldux
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted lfdux
counted ldx
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted blt
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted add
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted add
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lfdux
counted bge
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted rldicr
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted beq
trying to delete add: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted clrldi
counted xxlxor
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted addi
counted subf
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicl
counted clrldi
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted bge
counted b
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted bge
counted li
counted add
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted add
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted clrldi
counted ld
counted li
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted rldicr
counted stfdu
counted ori
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lwa
counted xssubdp
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xssubdp
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
counted add
counted lwa
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stfdu
counted bdnz
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mfcr: deleted
counted stw
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted lfdux
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ble
counted addis
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted addi
counted std
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted xsdivdp
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted fmr
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted stxsdx
counted fmr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted fmr
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted stxsdx
counted fmr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted stxsdx
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted mr
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted cmpldi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted beq
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted lwa
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted lfdux
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted blt
counted lis
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted mulhdu
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
counted beq
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted lfdux
trying to delete xsdivdp: deleted
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted stdu
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted bne
trying to delete xsdivdp: deleted
counted li
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted blt
counted lis
counted xxspltd
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted ori
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvsubdp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvsubdp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted mr
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted stxsdx
counted ld
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted crand
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted lis
counted xxspltd
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted li
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xxswapd
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete xvadddp: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvadddp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvadddp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvadddp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xvadddp
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted add
counted add
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted cmpldi
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bne
counted add
counted rldicr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted extsw
counted lwzx
counted std
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwzx: deleted
counted stwx
trying to delete stwx: deleted
counted blt
counted ble
counted clrldi
counted ld
counted xxlxor
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted rldicl
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted li
counted lwax
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted fmr
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lfdu
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted cmpld
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted b
counted xxlxor
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted xsmuldp
counted blt
counted lis
counted xxspltd
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted oris
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
trying to delete xvsubdp: deleted
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvsubdp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
counted xvsubdp
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xvsubdp: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted lis
counted clrldi
counted std
counted ld
counted cmplwi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lwa
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted li
counted oris
counted rldicr
trying to delete xori: deleted
counted ori
counted ldx
counted std
counted mulhdu
counted ldx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted ldx
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted mulli
trying to delete mulli: deleted
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted rldic
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted rldicl
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted std
trying to delete subf.: deleted
counted mcrf
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete subf.: deleted
counted mcrf
counted li
counted std
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmpld
counted add
counted ldx
counted addi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted li
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted cmpld
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted crand
trying to delete cror: deleted
counted blt
counted lxsdx
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted xxspltd
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted add
trying to delete xvmuldp: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted beq
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted xsmuldp
counted stfdu
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted xsmuldp
counted stfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted cmpld
counted ld
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted crand
counted cmpld
counted add
counted crand
counted cmpld
counted cror
counted cmpld
counted crand
trying to delete cror: deleted
counted blt
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted li
counted xxspltd
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted xvmuldp
counted add
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted xvmuldp
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete xvadddp: deleted
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted xvadddp
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted beq
counted ld
counted subf
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted stfdu
counted ori
counted lfdu
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted subf
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted stfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted b
counted lwz
counted xori
counted stw
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted blr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted lwa
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted blt
counted addis
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted subf
counted xxlxor
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfsx
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted add
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted extsw
counted ld
counted fmr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted cmpd
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted bne
counted xscmpudp
counted beq+
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted beq
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bne-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mfocrf: deleted
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted lwa
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted mr
counted blt
counted addis
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete lfsx: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted clrldi
counted addis
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted cmpdi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted clrldi
counted lfsx
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted addi
counted mr
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted bge
counted bne
counted addi
counted subfic
counted mr
counted cmpw
counted iselgt
counted add
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted add
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpdi
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted blt
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmplw
counted bne
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted mr
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted ble
counted li
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted bge
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted b
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted ld
counted cmpdi
counted iselgt
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted nop
counted xsdivdp
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted std
counted std
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
trying to delete mtlr: deleted
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted xsabsdp
counted std
counted mr
counted addis
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted lfsx
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete fcmpu: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted cror
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted li
counted ld
counted stb
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted iselgt
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted addi
counted li
counted cmpwi
counted stw
counted stw
counted iselgt
counted stb
counted stw
counted clrldi
counted stw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted extsw
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted clrldi
counted addis
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted clrldi.
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted mcrf
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted lxsdx
counted addis
counted std
counted rldicl
counted mfocrf
counted addi
counted addis
counted lfsx
counted stw
counted addi
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
counted std
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted addi
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ble
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted lwa
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted lfdu
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ble
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete b: deleted
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted addi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted lxsdx
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lfdu
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted blt
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted blt
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted blt
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpwi
counted ble
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted lwa
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted xxlxor
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted sradi
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted ble
counted lbz
counted fmr
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted li
counted andi.
counted cmpwi
trying to delete crmove: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted bge
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted ble
counted lbz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted blt
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted beq
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted beq
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted bge
counted rldicr
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted blt
counted beq
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsdivdp
counted fcmpu
counted cror
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
trying to delete fcmpu: deleted
counted cror
counted bgt
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted blt
counted b
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted lwa
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted bge
counted rldicr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted blt
counted beq
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsdivdp
counted mr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicr
counted std
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted li
counted stw
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ble
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted add
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted bge-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addis
counted ld
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted stw
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfocrf
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted ld
counted std
counted lwa
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
counted addis
counted lbz
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted lwz
counted andi.
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted nop
counted add
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted bne
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted beq
counted fmr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted li
counted subf
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted ld
counted stw
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted extsw
counted std
counted blt
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stdu
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted ld
counted xxlxor
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted b
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted xssubdp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted addi
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
trying to delete bge-: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmpdi
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted std
counted ble
counted xxlxor
counted addis
counted extsw
counted ld
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted add
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted blt
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted lbz
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted lwa
counted stw
counted bgt
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted cmpwi
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ble
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted bne
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted addis
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted li
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted andi.
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lwax
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete mtlr: deleted
counted blr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mflr: deleted
counted std
counted stdu
counted lwa
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted blt
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
counted addi
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted ble
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted stxsdx
trying to delete blt+: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted stxsdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted li
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ld
counted lwax
counted cmpw
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lbz
counted add
counted andi.
counted ld
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted bgt
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted b
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
counted add
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted fmr
counted add
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted cmpdi
counted bgt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpdi
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted ld
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted andi.
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted std
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted b
counted li
counted stw
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted stdx
counted bge-
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted li
counted ld
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted addi
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted addis
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmplwi
trying to delete beq-: deleted
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted bge-
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted xsmuldp
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted ld
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted add
counted std
counted ld
counted extsw
counted std
counted ld
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted std
counted std
counted rldicr
counted mr
trying to delete lwzux: deleted
counted lwzx
counted ld
counted std
counted stwx
counted li
counted std
counted stw
counted ori
counted lwa
counted lwz
counted subf
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted ld
counted stw
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
counted clrldi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted extsw
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted li
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted b
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted b
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted stdx
counted bge-
counted cmpwi
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted add
counted li
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted ld
counted extsw
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lbz
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted xsmuldp
counted bgt
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted addi
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted stdx
counted lwz
counted cmplw
counted beq+
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted stdx
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted bge-
counted lwz
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted ble
counted ld
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted addis
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt-
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted clrlwi
counted bne
counted li
counted li
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted b
counted addis
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted lxsdx
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted xscmpudp
counted isel
counted addi
counted isel
counted addi
counted isel
counted addi
counted addi
counted isel
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted isel
counted isel
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted ori
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted addis
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted cmpwi
counted ble-
counted extsw
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted extsw
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mr
counted lfsx
counted mr
counted mr
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted cmpw
counted ble
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted mr
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted addis
counted ld
counted subf
counted extsw
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted mr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted blt
counted lis
counted stw
counted add
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted li
counted rldicr
counted std
counted li
counted li
trying to delete oris: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted li
counted mulhdu
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted add
counted li
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted add
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted mr
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted add
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted ori
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted b
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted andi.
counted mr
counted addi
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted stdx
counted cmpd
counted lbz
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ble
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted li
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted bge-
counted cmpd
counted lbz
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted cmpd
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted blt
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bge-
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted andi.
counted mr
counted addi
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted stdx
counted cmpd
counted lbz
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted li
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted cmpdi
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted bge-
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted lbz
counted blt
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted cmpd
counted lbz
counted blt
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted rldicr
counted b
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lwz
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted blt+
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted ble
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted ld
counted ble
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ldx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpd
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted crandc
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpd
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted crandc
counted blt
counted add
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted li
counted ld
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpd
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted crandc
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted li
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted cmpdi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted stfdux
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted li
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted subf
trying to delete li: deleted
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted add
counted fmr
counted addi
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted ld
counted ori
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted ldx
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted fmr
counted ble
counted ld
counted ldx
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted extsw
counted mr
counted stxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted li
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted ble
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete b: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete b: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mfocrf: deleted
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted bne-
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted clrldi
counted extsw
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted mr
counted li
counted ld
counted stw
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
counted addi
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
counted li
counted stw
counted stw
counted mr
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted ble
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ble
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted addi
counted addis
counted addi
counted std
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted ld
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted neg
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted subfic
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted b
counted ld
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete li: deleted
counted crmove
counted stw
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted li
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
trying to delete li: deleted
counted crmove
counted stw
counted bgt
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ble
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted std
counted stdx
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted ld
counted li
counted stw
counted stw
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted ble-
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted mr
counted xssubdp
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted ble
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lxsdx
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted bge
counted addi
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted lfdu
counted addi
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xssubdp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted xssubdp
counted xssubdp
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted bdnz
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bge
counted ld
counted cmpldi
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted li
counted beq
counted subf
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted fmr
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted ldx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted xsmuldp
counted cmpwi
counted xssubdp
counted ble
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted b
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted stxsdx
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted mr
counted cmpw
counted mr
counted blt+
counted b
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted add
counted mr
counted b
counted beq
counted cmpldi
counted cmpwi
counted extsw
counted clrldi
counted li
counted beq
counted subf
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted fmr
counted ble
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted add
counted addi
counted xssubdp
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted ori
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted xssubdp
counted bne
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted mr
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted xxlxor
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted xssubdp
counted blt
counted b
counted beq
counted cmpwi
counted extsw
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted fmr
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted bgt
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted ble
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted xssubdp
counted bne
counted b
counted rldicr
counted xxlxor
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwax
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bge
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted stxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted mr
counted bge
counted rldicr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted cmpd
counted andi.
counted crmove
counted bge
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted bge
counted ld
counted add
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted add
counted ldx
counted iselgt
counted add
counted add
counted mtctr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted beq
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mr
counted cmpdi
counted nop
counted fmr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ble
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted xssubdp
counted bgt
counted b
counted ld
counted mr
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted fmr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted cmpd
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted beq
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted xssubdp
counted bgt
counted bge
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted cmpdi
counted addi
counted addi
counted bgt
counted b
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stw
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpw
counted bge-
counted cmpdi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bgt
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted ld
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted bl
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted blt
counted addi
counted mr
counted ld
counted std
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted b
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt-
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmpd
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted crandc
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lfd
counted mr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted lwa
counted lwz
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted cmplw
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted bne-
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted li
counted li
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted mr
counted ld
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted ble
counted rldicr
counted li
counted add
counted ble
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted b
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lwa
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwz
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted ld
counted iselgt
counted stb
counted stw
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted mr
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lis
counted xxlxor
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ld
counted oris
counted ori
counted std
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
counted extsw
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted mulhdu
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted add
counted iselgt
counted add
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwzx: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted li
counted addi
counted ldx
counted ldx
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted clrldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted clrlwi
counted fmr
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted bdnz
counted xscmpudp
counted beq
counted extsw
counted lwz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted cmpw
trying to delete stwx: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted stw
counted bge-
counted lwz
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted ld
counted stw
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted add
counted iselgt
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted lwa
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted blt
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted blt+
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted stxsdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted rldicr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted add
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lwax
counted cmpd
counted ble
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted bgt
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted addi
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted fmr
counted cmpdi
counted ble
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted ble
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted lbz
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted andi.
counted lwa
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted cmpdi
counted std
counted std
counted bgt
counted ble
counted addis
counted xxlxor
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted ld
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted std
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted stdx
counted bge-
counted bgt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted std
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted li
counted add
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ble
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted stdx
counted blt+
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted add
counted ldx
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lbz
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted lbz
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted mr
counted blt
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted lwax
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwax
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete mtlr: deleted
counted blr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted stfd
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted lwz
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted extsw
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
counted lwz
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted lwz
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted bne-
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted lwz
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted bne-
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mfocrf: deleted
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted lwz
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted extsw
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted clrldi
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lbz
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted andi.
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpw
counted bgt
counted bne
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted clrldi
counted std
counted beq
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lvx
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addis
counted ld
counted addis
counted vslw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addis
counted lvx
counted addi
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted subf
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted vspltisw
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted vspltisw
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addis
counted xxswapd
counted lvx
counted addi
counted vadduwm
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lvx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete add: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete stwu: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted xxlxor
counted addis
counted addi
counted std
counted addi
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted clrldi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted add
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted add
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted bdnz
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted bge
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted fmr
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted add
counted mtctr
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted isel
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted fmr
counted ld
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted isel
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ldux
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lwzx
counted lwzx
counted cmpd
counted stwx
counted stwx
counted std
counted stdx
trying to delete bge: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted cmpd
counted subf
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted add
counted add
counted rldicr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted ldx
counted mr
trying to delete lfdux: deleted
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted beq
counted mr
counted beq
counted add
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted add
counted subf
counted add
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted cmpldi
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted mr
counted bne
counted b
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted blt
trying to delete lis: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted clrldi
counted std
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted ld
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted subf
counted vslw
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted lvx
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted lvx
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted ld
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted addi
counted vadduwm
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted subf
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addis
counted xxswapd
counted lvx
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted addi
counted lvx
counted li
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted lvx
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted add
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted xxswapd
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted stwu
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted lis
counted addi
counted xxlxor
counted addis
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted std
counted addis
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted oris
counted std
counted addi
counted ori
counted std
counted std
counted lbz
counted mr
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted subf
counted ld
counted clrldi.
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted beq
counted fmr
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted add
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted fmr
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted add
counted cmpldi
counted bge
counted b
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted mr
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted nop
counted fmr
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplw
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted xxlxor
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsabsdp: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted mr
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted fmr
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete add: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted iselgt
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted isel
counted addi
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bgt
counted fmr
counted isel
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted bl
counted extsw
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted clrldi
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
trying to delete lwzx: deleted
counted cmpld
trying to delete stwx: deleted
counted stwx
counted beq
counted ld
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted extsw
counted rldic
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
counted b
counted ld
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted bgt
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted ldx
counted lwz
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwa
counted cmpw
counted bge-
counted cmpd
counted bge
counted ld
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsdivdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted extsw
counted li
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted li
counted addi
counted ldx
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted bge
counted std
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted std
counted add
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted li
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwaux
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted blt
counted extsw
counted clrlwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted stdx
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted lxsdx
counted xxlxor
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted cmpdi
counted ble
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwa
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted lwzux
counted cmplwi
counted bne-
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted addi
counted stw
counted lxsdx
counted ldx
counted xsmuldp
counted ldx
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted ld
counted ldx
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted rldicr
counted extsw
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted xsmuldp
counted xsnegdp
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted lwax
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted add
counted lwa
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
trying to delete rldic: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted addi
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bne
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete lwzx: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
counted extsw
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bne
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted std
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted ble
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted extsw
counted li
counted nop
counted ld
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted extsw
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted ori
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwax
counted ldx
counted stwx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted ldx
counted lwax
counted rldicr
trying to delete stwx: deleted
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted lwax
counted ldx
counted stdux
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwzx
counted addi
counted stwx
counted ori
counted lwa
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mfocrf: deleted
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted lbz
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted andi.
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bgt
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
counted stw
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpwi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted blt
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lis
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted rldicr
counted std
counted oris
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted li
counted rldicl
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted std
counted addi
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted subf
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted li
counted blt
counted add
counted add
counted cmpld
counted cmpld
counted li
counted crand
counted blt
trying to delete std: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete add: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted add
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted beq
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted cmpd
counted add
counted add
counted isel
counted subf
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted stdu
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted b
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted mr
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted lwax
counted extsw
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
counted addi
counted extsw
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted mr
counted blt
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted lfsx
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted xxlxor
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted fmr
counted bl
counted addis
counted extsw
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted lfsx
counted mr
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted bl
counted fmr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted fmr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted mr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mfcr: deleted
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted xsabsdp
counted std
counted mr
counted addis
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted lfsx
counted li
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted fcmpu
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted cror
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted std
counted li
counted ld
counted stb
counted stw
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
counted stw
counted iselgt
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted addi
counted li
counted cmpwi
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted stb
counted stw
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted extsw
counted li
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted extsw
counted std
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted li
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted std
counted addis
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted xssubdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted std
counted stw
counted b
counted clrldi
counted addis
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted addi
trying to delete mcrf: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted lxsdx
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted std
counted ld
counted rldicl
counted addis
counted mfocrf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted lfsx
counted cmpwi
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted addi
counted std
counted std
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ble
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted cmpldi
counted bge
counted li
counted li
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted li
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted b
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted lxsdx
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted mr
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted b
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted cmpwi
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addi
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted blt
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted lxsdx
counted cmpwi
counted addi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addi
counted cmpwi
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted blt
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted addi
counted b
counted nop
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted fmr
counted mr
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted extsw
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted add
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted lwa
counted bgt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted lwax
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted sradi
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted ble
counted lbz
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted fmr
counted li
counted andi.
counted lwz
counted crmove
counted li
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted lbz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted beq
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted beq
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted bge
counted rldicr
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted beq
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsdivdp
counted fcmpu
counted cror
counted ble
counted addi
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted b
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted fcmpu
counted cror
counted bgt
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted blt
counted b
counted beq
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted bge
counted rldicr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted blt
counted beq
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsdivdp
counted mr
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted cmpwi
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted std
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted ld
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted addi
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted xscmpudp
counted ble
counted b
counted li
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted std
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted li
counted stw
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted addis
counted xxlxor
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted add
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted bge-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addis
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted stw
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfocrf
counted mflr
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted lbz
counted std
counted andi.
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted ble
counted lwz
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted clrldi
counted extsw
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted mr
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted li
counted lfsx
counted fmr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwa
counted lwz
counted std
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted ld
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bne
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted addi
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted lfsx
counted lfsx
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted mr
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted bge
counted bne
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subfic
counted mr
counted cmpw
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted add
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted add
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted cmpdi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bgt
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted blt
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted cmplw
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted extsw
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ble
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted bge
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsnegdp
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpdi
counted iselgt
counted ldx
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted xsdivdp
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted lbz
counted mr
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bne
counted b
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete lfd: deleted
counted lfd
counted std
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfcr
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted fmr
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lbz
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted b
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted stdx
counted bge-
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted cmpwi
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted rldicr
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
trying to delete stxsdx: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted ld
counted addi
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted mr
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted addis
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted bge-
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsdivdp: deleted
counted xsmuldp
counted ld
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted ble
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted ld
counted b
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted fmr
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted rldicr
counted addi
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted ld
counted lxsdx
counted xsadddp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted add
counted extsw
counted std
counted ld
counted std
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted std
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lwzx
counted lwzux
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stwx
counted stw
counted ori
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwa
counted lwz
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted subf
counted std
counted std
counted extsw
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted cmpw
counted ble-
counted addi
counted ld
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lis
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted blt
counted ld
counted oris
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted addi
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
trying to delete mulli: deleted
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted mtctr
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted subf
counted addi
counted clrldi.
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted addi
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted lwa
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bne
counted li
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted extsw
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted mr
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted oris
counted li
counted ori
counted std
counted std
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete mulhdu: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted subf
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bne
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bne
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpdi
counted ble
counted addi
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lbz
counted ld
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted b
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted addi
counted b
counted ld
counted li
counted stw
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted stw
counted stdx
counted bge-
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted li
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted addis
counted extsw
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lbz
counted lxsdx
counted andi.
counted xsmuldp
counted bgt
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted addi
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted addi
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted bne
counted lxsdx
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted li
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted li
counted stdx
counted lwz
counted cmplw
counted beq+
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted stw
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted stdx
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted bge-
counted lwz
counted cmplw
counted bne-
counted ble
counted ld
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted clrldi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted bge
counted li
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt-
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted clrlwi
counted bne
counted li
counted li
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted b
counted addis
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted subf
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
counted xsabsdp
counted xscmpudp
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
counted xscmpudp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted iselgt
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted isel
counted addi
counted isel
counted addi
counted isel
counted addi
counted addi
counted isel
counted cmpld
counted isel
counted isel
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted addis
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete xscmpudp: deleted
counted iselgt
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted lxsdx
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted mtctr
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted bne
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmpdi
counted li
counted xxlxor
counted addi
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted addis
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted iselgt
counted cmpwi
trying to delete ble-: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted extsw
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted lfsx
counted mr
counted fmr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted cmpw
counted ble
counted mr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted fmr
counted addi
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmplw
counted mr
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted std
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted ble
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted andi.
counted ble
counted std
counted std
counted ble
counted addis
counted ld
counted subf
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted mr
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted blt
counted lis
counted add
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted oris
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted mulhdu
counted li
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted add
counted li
counted std
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted ori
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwz
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
trying to delete add: deleted
counted ld
counted subf
counted rldicr
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted add
counted mr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted add
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted extsw
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted ori
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted addis
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted addis
counted xxlxor
counted addi
counted mr
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted nop
counted andi.
counted mr
counted addi
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
counted stdx
counted cmpd
counted lbz
counted blt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted li
counted fmr
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted cmpdi
counted addi
counted iselgt
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted bge-
counted cmpd
counted lbz
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted cmpd
counted lbz
counted blt
counted andi.
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete mtctr: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lwz
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted bge-
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted andi.
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
counted stdx
counted cmpd
counted lbz
counted blt
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted li
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted cmpdi
counted addi
counted iselgt
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted stw
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpw
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted bge-
counted cmpd
counted lbz
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted lbz
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted addi
counted b
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lwz
counted lwz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpw
counted stw
counted bge-
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted beq
counted subf
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted lwzux
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted mr
counted cmplw
counted beq
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted cmpw
counted crorc
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted stw
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete add: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ble
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted li
counted ld
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted mr
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted cmpw
counted cmpw
counted crorc
counted blt
counted addi
counted stw
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted lwzux
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lwzu: deleted
counted mr
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted cmpw
counted cmpw
trying to delete crorc: deleted
counted blt
counted addi
counted stw
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted subf
counted clrldi.
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted ldx
counted beq
counted mtctr
counted mr
counted nop
counted add
counted addi
counted ld
counted stdx
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted addi
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted bge
counted b
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete add: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted ldux
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted ldux
counted addi
counted std
counted ld
counted bne
counted rldicr
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted lwzx
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted lis
counted stw
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted std
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted beq
counted add
counted addi
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted subf
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
counted li
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted mr
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
trying to delete add: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted add
counted lxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
trying to delete lxvd2x: deleted
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted ori
counted lxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted add
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
counted mr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted stw
counted mr
counted bdnz
counted rldicr
counted stwx
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted cmplw
counted bne
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted mr
counted ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted mr
counted std
counted lwax
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted cmplwi
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted mr
counted addi
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted mulhdu
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted mtctr
counted ldu
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted ld
counted ld
counted stdx
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bdnz
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpldi
counted mr
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted subf
counted beq
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lwa
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted subf
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted ldu
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted bne
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
counted lis
counted xxlxor
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted ori
counted addi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted oris
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted li
counted ori
counted std
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted cmpwi
counted lxsdx
counted xsabsdp
counted fcmpu
counted crandc
counted blt
counted xsnegdp
counted mr
counted li
counted lwa
counted stfdux
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted li
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted blt
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted mulhdu
counted std
counted rldicl
counted rotldi
counted mulli
counted rldic
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted subf
counted std
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted lwa
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted stdx
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted lwa
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted lwa
counted addi
counted stdx
counted stdx
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted subf
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete clrldi.: deleted
counted beq
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted ldu
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted stdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted add
counted add
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addi
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted lwa
counted ldu
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lwa
counted stdx
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted ld
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted lwa
counted addi
trying to delete stdx: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted rldicr
counted ori
counted ld
counted stdx
counted bne
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted cmpldi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete subf: deleted
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted ld
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
counted addi
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted ori
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted rldicr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtctr
counted add
counted add
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted stxsdx
counted bdnz
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted ld
counted fmr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
trying to delete bdnz: deleted
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted nop
counted lxsdx
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted xsdivdp
counted stxsdx
counted bl
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted lbz
counted andi.
trying to delete ble: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted ble
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted bgt
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete ldu: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lfd
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete mtocrf: deleted
counted mtocrf
trying to delete mtlr: deleted
counted blr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted mfocrf
trying to delete mflr: deleted
counted std
counted stw
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted cmplw
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted stfd
counted bne-
counted extsw
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted stw
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted clrldi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwzx
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ld
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted ldx
counted lwax
counted extsw
counted lxsdx
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lwax
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted lwa
counted addis
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted rldicr
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted crset
counted rldicr
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted li
counted stdx
counted bge
counted rldicr
counted lwax
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted bge-
counted xxlxor
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted lwz
counted ld
counted cmplwi
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted beq
counted li
counted nop
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwax: deleted
counted cmpd
counted ble
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lbz
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted andi.
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted fmr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmplw: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xssubdp: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted mtctr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted li
counted nop
counted lwa
counted cmpd
counted ble
trying to delete lbz: deleted
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete xsmuldp: deleted
counted xssubdp
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted b
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted b
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stw
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpw
counted bge-
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted addi
counted mr
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted addi
trying to delete bgt: deleted
counted rldicr
counted add
counted addi
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
trying to delete cmpld: deleted
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted lwz
counted rldicr
counted add
counted cmplwi
counted ld
counted beq
counted li
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpw
counted bge
counted clrldi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted add
counted ld
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lbz
counted add
counted andi.
counted ld
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted bgt
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted fmr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
trying to delete fmr: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted lxsdx
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted mtctr
counted addi
counted li
counted nop
counted lwa
counted cmpw
counted bge
trying to delete clrldi: deleted
counted cmpld
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted ld
counted add
counted ld
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted add
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted addi
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted rldicr
counted lwax
counted cmpwi
counted bge
counted nop
counted xsdivdp
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted mr
counted ble
counted lwa
counted ld
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted li
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmpld
counted beq
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted bdnz
counted addi
counted b
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted cmpdi
counted mr
counted bgt
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted addi
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted lwz
counted cmpw
counted bge-
trying to delete cmpdi: deleted
counted mr
counted bgt
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted cmpld
counted bne
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq-
counted lwa
counted xxlxor
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted ld
counted mtctr
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lwzu
counted cmplw
counted beq
counted addi
counted bdnz
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted extsw
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted cmpw
counted blt
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted bge
counted lbz
trying to delete andi.: deleted
counted li
counted crmove
counted stw
counted ble
added trap
counted ld
counted b
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpwi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lfd
counted mr
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted mtocrf
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
counted b
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted li
counted li
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
counted bl
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted ldu
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted beq
counted cmplwi
counted beq
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted bne
counted li
counted stw
counted b
counted ld
counted ld
counted li
counted stw
counted std
counted addis
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
trying to delete b: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted ble
counted ld
counted std
counted li
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
counted lwz
counted ori
counted ld
added xor
trying to delete cntlzw: not found
counted li
counted std
added rlwinm
counted ld
counted std
counted stw
counted ori
counted lwz
counted xori
added cntlzw
counted rlwinm
counted neg
counted stw
counted stw
counted b
counted li
counted li
counted stw
counted stw
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete mtlr: deleted
counted blr
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted beq
counted li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stw
counted stw
counted b
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted stw
counted stw
counted stw
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted ldu
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted beq
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted li
counted stw
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addis
counted li
counted stw
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted b
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ld
counted ble
counted ld
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted lwz
counted ori
counted ld
counted xor
counted cntlzw
counted li
counted std
trying to delete rlwinm: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted stw
counted ori
counted lwz
counted xori
counted cntlzw
trying to delete rlwinm: deleted
counted neg
counted stw
counted stw
counted b
counted li
counted li
counted stw
counted stw
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted beq
counted li
counted std
counted stw
counted stw
counted b
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted std
counted stw
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete b: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted ld
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted ld
counted li
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted mr
counted bl
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted beq
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmpwi
counted beq
counted b
counted ble
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted beq
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmplwi
counted bne
trying to delete li: deleted
counted stw
counted b
counted lwz
counted lwz
counted cmpw
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted bgt
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted beq
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
counted blt
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted ld
counted bne
counted li
counted li
counted b
counted li
counted b
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ld
counted ble
counted ld
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted lwz
counted ori
counted ld
counted xor
counted std
counted cntlzw
added rlwinm
counted ori
counted ld
counted stw
counted ori
counted lwz
counted xori
counted cntlzw
counted rlwinm
counted neg
counted b
counted li
counted li
counted stw
counted stw
counted b
counted ld
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
counted lwz
counted ld
counted xori
counted cntlzw
counted std
counted rlwinm
counted ld
counted neg
counted stw
counted ori
counted lwz
counted xor
counted cntlzw
counted rlwinm
counted li
counted stw
counted std
counted stw
trying to delete b: deleted
counted std
counted b
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted beq
counted li
counted stw
counted stw
counted std
counted b
counted std
counted addis
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted stw
counted std
counted std
counted b
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted li
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted stw
counted std
counted stw
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted mr
counted std
counted mr
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted beq
counted ld
counted li
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
counted lxsdx
counted xscmpudp
counted bge
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted ld
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted beq
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted b
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addis
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted std
counted beq
counted addis
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted std
counted b
counted ble
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmplwi
counted beq
counted cmpwi
counted bne
counted li
counted stw
counted b
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpw: deleted
counted blt
counted li
counted bgt
trying to delete b: deleted
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted xxlxor
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stw
counted li
counted stxvd2x
counted std
counted li
counted stw
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted extsw
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
trying to delete blr: deleted
counted li
counted stw
counted b
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ld
counted beq
counted ld
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted lwz
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted xor
counted cntlzw
counted rlwinm
counted ori
counted ld
counted stw
counted ori
counted lwz
counted xori
trying to delete cntlzw: deleted
counted rlwinm
counted neg
counted b
counted li
counted stw
counted b
counted ld
counted lwz
counted cmplwi
counted ld
counted bne
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
trying to delete b: deleted
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted std
counted ld
counted li
counted stw
counted b
counted ld
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted ori
counted ld
counted ld
counted std
counted lwz
counted ori
counted ld
counted xori
counted std
counted cntlzw
counted rlwinm
counted neg
counted ld
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted ori
counted lwz
counted xor
counted cntlzw
counted rlwinm
counted stw
counted mr
counted li
counted std
counted stw
counted stw
counted b
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
counted std
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted lwz
counted li
counted std
counted std
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted ld
counted iselgt
counted stb
counted stw
counted clrldi
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted stw
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted std
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addi
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted li
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ldu
counted addi
counted lwzu
counted stdu
counted stwu
trying to delete bdz: not found
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted stw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete mtlr: deleted
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted stw
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
result: ld 4340
